[Merged by Bors] - [CU-2tk2uxt] docs(frame): create pablo and dex router readme (#1371)
ComposableFi/composable: frame/dex-router/README.md

# DEX Router

A pallet that provides basic functionality to add a route to a DEX for any given pair of asset id's.

## Overview

> The DEX Router pallet's main goal is to enable cross-market trading infrastructure for currency pair's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DEX Router pallet's main goal is to enable cross-market trading infrastructure for currency pairs.
```

> This allows us to connect different pools and enabling transactional across multiple pools to reach a requested outcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows us to connect different pools and enables transactions across multiple pools to reach a requested outcome.
```

> As an example let's say: There is no direct pool to perform transactions for currency A to currency C, but we have routed pools to swap currency A to B and another pool to swap currency B for C. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example

Assume the following pools exist:

A -> B
B -> C

Without the router, swapping between A and C is not possible. With the router, however, we are able to *route through* the aforementioned pools to perform the transaction from A -> C.
```

This allows for seamless transactions across a large number of currencies.

## Workflow

### Route Operations
We start by creating a route for a given set of asset id's. Using the same method we can update or delete the route later. 

> Once a route has been established and validated, given instructions based on a quote asset transactional methods become available for the route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a route has been established and validated, instructions based on the quote asset's transactional methods become available for the route.
```

> Routes are validated by special origins like root or in the future governance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Routes are validated by a specific origin (currently root) but will in the future be validated through governance.
```

### Transaction Operations

Users can compose aforementioned instructions to either `exchange`, `buy` or `sell` for an amount given in the quote asset. 

> The necessary operations will be performed on liquidity pools from DEX's we routed earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The necessary operations will be performed on liquidity pools from the previously routed DEXes..
```

This allows us to connect different pools and enabling transactional across multiple pools to reach a requested outcome.
As an example let's say: There is no direct pool to perform transactions for currency A to currency C, but we have routed pools to swap currency A to B and another pool to swap currency B for C. 
This allows for seamless transactions across a large number of currencies

## Workflow

### Route Operations
We start by creating a route for a given set of asset id's. Using the same method we can update or delete the route later. 
Once a route has been established and validated, given instructions based on a quote asset transactional methods become available for the route.
Routes are validated by special origins like root or in the future governance.

### Transaction Operations

Users can compose aforementioned instructions to either `exchange`, `buy` or `sell` for an amount given in the quote asset. 
The necessary operations will be performed on liquidity pools from DEX's we routed earlier.
Said functions can be used to make transactions across multiple pools to achieve the composition of assets requested by the user.

> Functions to `add_liquidity` and `remove_liquidity` are constrained to only be called on single route pools.

Reviewer 2: .. single pool route ?

## Use Cases

> Part of DEX-Router's functionality was implemented in pallet pablo.

Reviewer 3: Hmm this sentence can be improved as DEX router is a layer on top of pallet-pablo rather than being implemented in it
